Add pause() and resume() methods to the base Animation class (#17826)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/pausing_animations.rst

Pausing and Resuming Animations
-------------------------------

> We have added public `pause()` and `resume()` methods to the base
> matplotlib.animation.Animation class that allows you to, well, pause
> and resume animations. These methods can be used as callbacks for event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.animation.Animation.pause` and `.animation.Animation.resume` methods
allow you to pause and resume animations. These methods can be used as callbacks for event
```
(re-wrap as necessary)

Author: Done.
